Add mockOnly parameter to @Instantiable (#248)
dfed/SafeDI: Documentation/Manual.md

}
```

The `customMockName` parameter requires `generateMock: true` or `mockOnly: true`.

If you provide a mock method without `generateMock: true`, parent types that instantiate the child will call `ChildType.mock(...)` (or `ChildType.customMock(...)`) instead of `ChildType(...)` when constructing it, threading mock parameters through your custom method.

### The `mockOnly` parameter

> The `mockOnly` parameter lets you provide a hand-written `mock()` method for types that don't need full `@Instantiable` infrastructure. Here's an example providing a mock for a third-party type:

Author: ```suggestion
The `mockOnly` parameter lets you provide a hand-written `mock()` method for types that don’t need full `@Instantiable` infrastructure. Here’s an example providing a mock for a third-party type:
```

```swift
@Instantiable(mockOnly: true)
extension ExternalService {
    public static func mock() -> ExternalService {
        ExternalService(apiKey: "test-key")
    }
}
```

This also works for primitive types used as `@Forwarded` dependencies:

```swift
@Instantiable(mockOnly: true)
extension String {
    public static func mock() -> String { "" }
}
```

> When a parent type references a `mockOnly` type as a dependency, the generated mock uses `Type.mock()` as the default. For `@Forwarded` dependencies, the parameter gets a default value so callers don't need to provide it. For `@Instantiated` dependencies, the type appears in `SafeDIOverrides` with `Type.mock()` as the default, allowing optional override.

Author: ```suggestion
When a parent type references a `mockOnly` type as a dependency, the generated mock uses `Type.mock()` as the default. For `@Forwarded` dependencies, the parameter gets a default value so callers don’t need to provide it. For `@Instantiated` dependencies, the type appears in `SafeDIOverrides` with `Type.mock()` as the default, allowing optional override.
```

`mockOnly` is useful for:

- Types defined in other modules (e.g., third-party dependencies) that need mocks in your tests
- Primitive or Foundation types used as `@Forwarded` dependencies (e.g., `String`, `Int`, `UUID`)

> - Types whose `@Instantiable` declaration is in another module and isn't in the current module's dependency tree

Author: ```suggestion
- Types whose `@Instantiable` declaration is in another module and isn’t in the current module’s dependency tree
```
